Generic cpu memory alert rules (#2570)
kyma-project/kyma: resources/monitoring/charts/alert-rules/README.md

{{- end }}
{{ else }}
  alert.rules: |-
    {{- include "kyma-rules.yaml.tpl" . | indent 4}}
{{ end }}
```

> The **data. alert.rules** parameter includes the configuration in [kyma-rules.yaml](templates/kyma-rules.yaml) file, which creates rules in the following cases:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **data. alert.rules** parameter includes the configuration in the [kyma-rules.yaml](templates/kyma-rules.yaml) file, which creates rules in the following cases:
```

Author: done

> *  Alerting when a Pod is not running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Alert when a Pod is not running
```

>   The Alertmanager sends out alerts when one of the Pods is not running in `kyma-system`, `kyma-integration`, `istio-system`, `kube-public` or `kube-system` Namespaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The Alertmanager sends out alerts when one of the Pods is not running in `kyma-system`, `kyma-integration`, `istio-system`, `kube-public`, or `kube-system` Namespaces.
```

Author: done

> * Monitoring Persistent Volume Claims (PVC)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Monitor Persistent Volume Claims (PVC)
```

>   The Alertmanager triggers the rule when PVC exceeds  90%  for the following system Namespaces: `kyma-system`, `kyma-integration`, `heptio-ark`, `istio-system`, `kube-public` or `kube-system`. In such a case, increase the capacity of PVC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The Alertmanager triggers the rule when PVC exceeds  90%  for the following system Namespaces: `kyma-system`, `kyma-integration`, `heptio-ark`, `istio-system`, `kube-public`, or `kube-system`. In such a case, increase the capacity of PVC.
```

Author: done

> * Monitoring CPU Usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Monitor CPU Usage
```

>   The Alertmanager triggers the rule when CPU usage exceeds 90%. for Pods in the `kyma-system` Namespace. For the alert rule to activate, make sure to pass the `alertcpu: "yes"` label to Pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The Alertmanager triggers the rule when CPU usage exceeds 90% for Pods in the `kyma-system` Namespace. For the alert rule to activate, make sure to pass the `alertcpu: "yes"` label to Pods.
```

Author: done

>   The Alertmanager trigger the rule when CPU usage is above 90% in the pods in the namespace `kyma-system`. For the alert rule to fire for a pod its necessary that label `alertcpu: "yes"` is passed to the pods.

Reviewer 2: typo: `it's necessary`

>   The Alertmanager trigger the rule when CPU usage is above 90% in the pods in the namespace `kyma-system`. For the alert rule to fire for a pod its necessary that label `alertcpu: "yes"` is passed to the pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The Alertmanager triggers the rule when CPU usage exceeds 90%. for Pods in the `kyma-system` Namespace. For the alert rule to activate, make sure to pass the `alertcpu: "yes"` label to Pods.
```
Question: is passed as a parameter? or the Pods should be labelled with it?

> * Monitoring Memory usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Monitor Memory usage
```

> * Monitoring Memrory usage

Reviewer 2: typo: `Memory`

>     The Alertmanager triggers the rule when Memory usage exceeds 90% for the Pods in the `kyma-system` Namespace. For the alert rule to activate, make sure to pass the `alertmem: "yes"` to Pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The Alertmanager triggers the rule when Memory usage exceeds 90% for Pods in the `kyma-system` Namespace. For the alert rule to activate, make sure to pass the `alertmem: "yes"` to Pods.
```

>   The Alertmanager triggers the rule when Memory usage is above 90% in the pods in the namespace `kyma-system`. For the alert rule to fire for a pod its necessary that label `alertmem: "yes"` is passed to the pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The Alertmanager triggers the rule when Memory usage exceeds 90% for the Pods in the `kyma-system` Namespace. For the alert rule to activate, make sure to pass the `alertmem: "yes"` to Pods.

Author: done

>   The Alertmanager trigger the rule when Memory usage is above 90% in the pods in the namespace `kyma-system`. For the alert rule to fire for a pod its necessary that label `alertmem: "yes"` is passed to the pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The Alertmanager triggers the rule when Memory usage exceeds 90% for Pods in the `kyma-system` Namespace. For the alert to activate,  make sure you passed the `alertmem: "yes"` label to Pods.

> An example for alerting when a pod is not running is shown below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an example for alerting when a Pod is not running:
```
